I studied painting and fine art and
never had any any intention the idea of
stateless is just off the screen
completely until I was about 22 to 23
and I'd left collagen and would be
making prints and forums and people dead
and needed money I need her job
I've been to Liverpool and seen the the
great Metropolitan Cathedral in the
Louvre it's stained glass
we went and I started writing around to
lots of stinking studios and decided
that I would in this sort of a vague way
we're very determined by and I wrote and
a letter came back and said come and see
me so I went down to see a wonderful man
called Patrick rain turns made all of
John Piper's windows so that's where it
started
is it was just one of those sort of fun
extraordinary fortuitous events chance
run those chances it's like being at a
station reading and your train is
waiting and you know your shoelace
breaks and you either stop to tie up the
shoelace or you get your train
from then I worked and moved down to
Somerset with Patrick and his family
with my young family I worked for
Patrick happily for the best part of ten
years and he was doing a whole range of
windows designed by John Piper like the
benjamin britten memorial band in our
borough and I worked interpretive ly
helping him to construct and make his
windows
you
I was working in the city and working
silly hours and doing lots of things
which from one month to the next made no
difference and I was growing more and
more frustrated with doubt and wanting
to do something that's but not knowing
what but then I was coming up for my
40th birthday and at the Christmas I
came down with a fever and went to bed
for something like seven days and when I
got it I had the notion in my mind there
and then that I was going to leave the
city and take up stained glass so I went
in the next day and handed in my notice
it took five months to work out the
notice but that was fine and then I had
a year doing lots of courses in London
before getting an apprenticeship ambani
while I was learning I wanted to know I
wanted to do something different I
wanted to start instead of doing things
that didn't matter like writing reports
of managing silly little projects I
wanted to engage more with a proper
sense of making and earning and keep
earning a living and my wish to do that
was full of honesty
and when I woke up thinking it's going
to be staying got one of the things in
my mind was this is a thousand year old
tradition every day there will be the
possibility of learning new things and
every day and I found so many teachers
who just wouldn't teach they didn't tell
you how to mix paint on how to trace
they did they knew how to do these
things perhaps they knew how to do them
without the ability to explain but then
they weren't teachers now the passion
now is for me to teach it's been a key
thing to teach if someone has got that
interest for whatever reason had a
respect for the craft to Kindle it and
that is one of the most exciting things
that is to me and I know that our doors
are open to people who want to know in a
way that many studios doors are shut
you